Instructor: Welcome back.
In previous section we have completed the code
pipeline introduction and now we are going to
create the code pipeline and then test it.
So in this step we are going to create the code pipeline
and then it is going to fail,
but don't worry.
So we are going to do a break and fix approach here
because we need to understand more about the roles
whatever we have created
and at where which point the CodeBuild is failing
and then how to fix it.
So all in all we are going to learn
in a troubleshooting way the whole thing.
So even the next steps are also designed
in the same way step by step.
Okay? So let's go ahead
and then create the pipeline with the name EKS DevOps Pipe.
So I'll go to management console
and then I'll say a code pipeline, right?
So we'll go there and we'll go ahead and then
create a pipeline. And pipeline name is EKS DevOps Pipe
and service role is going to be new service role
as is default and roll name also going to be default.
And this whatever the type you are allow AWS code
pipeline to create a service role
so it can be user with this new pipeline.
So yes, we need that, okay.
So we are going to leave all the defaults here
and in advanced section also, the artifacts store,
it is going to have that default
on whatever is present and encryption key also default.
So we are not touching anything
from pipeline settings perspective.
Just providing the pipeline name here
and then I'll go to next.
So here comes our source provider, which is nothing.
But you can have CodeCommit, ECR S3,
Bitbucket, and then GitHub.
So whatever you have seen here
in your architecture diagram, right?
So if you see here, right?
So from source perspective you have seen these things.
Right? So CodeCommit, Container Registry,
Simple Storage Service, and then GitHub.
So in the same way you are seeing those things, right?
In addition to that, one more Bitbucket here, okay?
So we can add it anyway.
So now we are going to add CodeCommit here
and it is going to provide all the repositories available
for us. And what is our repository?
Our Cs EKS DevOps NGINX.
So I'm going to select that.
And my repository branch is master branch.
We didn't create any development branch here,
so we'll leave it and change detection options, right?
So we want means like even it'll have an AWS Code
Pipeline can do it, which is periodical checks,
which is not good but AWS Cloud watches most dynamic, okay?
So we'll try to mince like any change happens
to our source immediately to trigger the pipeline.
So which option you are going to select is what
it is asking here.
Okay? So whatever AWS recommends here, Amazon Cloud watch,
I'm going to use the same thing and I'll click on next.
So source part is done.
Now we are moving to the build part.
So in build part I'm going to use CodeBuild R Jenkins.
So right if you see here, so we have
in build port we have the CodeBuild R Jenkins.
We are selecting CodeBuild, right?
And region is US East, North Virginia, and the project name.
So if we go back,
we are not going to select anything from here.
So we are going to create a new project here, okay?
So create project.
So it'll open a new window here.
So we can make it maximize this.
So I can say like this so that it is maximized.
And we are going to create a new CodeBuild project
as part of this process.
Okay? So the project name.
So that's what we need to provide here.
So I can say... I can go back and get the project name here.
Okay? So this is the name I want to use it.
EKS DevOps CB4 pipe.
Okay? So I will go back here.
So inside this...so I should go to this one.
Okay? So it is EKS CodeBuild project for EKS pipe.
Okay? And we are not going to give any information
related additional tax information.
We will leave it as is and from environment
perspective we are going to use managed image.
So we have discussed it about this.
So either you can use managed image or a custom image.
Whatever you want to use.
Okay? So we are going to use AWS managed image
and operating system is Amazon Linux 2,
we are going to use.
Always try to be on the Amazon standards
so that you will be in a very greater shape.
So I always try to use Amazon-related stuff.
So Amazon Linux I'm going to use and run times,
I'm going to say leave it as standard, whatever is there.
And here comes the images spot, right?
So it has the Amazon Linux 2, 1.0, 2.0.
And then one more 2.0 and then finally, 3.0.
So whatever is their latest today, 3.0, I have selected it.
This related docker file also we have reviewed
about AWS tools related to IM Authenticator kubectl
and eksctl. If you remember,
we have discussed about it.
So image version,
always use the latest image version from this runtime, okay?
And environment type is Linux and I'm going to enable...
enable this flag if you want to build docker images
or want your build to get elevated privileges.
So I'm going to check that option.
And then service role, I'm going to
create a new service role which...whose name starts
like this. CodeBuild EKS DevOps CB4 pipe service roll.
Okay? So this is what it generates now. And in addition
to that in additional configuration settings, right?
So timeouts, we are not going to touch anything.
And then VPC related also we are not going to
touch anything, right?
So if you want to run this build in your respective VPC,
you can select and then in which subnets you want to select,
you can select. One thing important here is,
if you want this build to run in your private subnets,
you need to have in that VPC NAT gateway set up.
And from private subnets you have your outbound rules
set up there, okay?
So outbound security group related rules set up.
But all these things really don't need for us, okay?
So we are just testing it, right?
And we need to define 3 environmental variables,
if you remember.
So those things we are going to define now.
So I'll go here.
So it is present here also.
So the same read me file I'll have
in my Visual Studio Code.
So it's becoming difficult to do tabs
in the same Safari browser.
So what I'm going to do is, I'll open this like this, right?
And I'll go to my Visual Studio Code.
And I'll go to the read me file and I'll go down.
And if you see here we are at
this respective location, okay?
So we are asking for the repository URL, right?
So I'll make...copy this.
And environmental variable name is repository URL
and value is this one.
Okay? So which is the same thing.
If you want you can go ahead
and then bring that from your ECR repository, right?
So from your ECR repository, you need to bring that.
So which we already made a note so we really
don't need to worry.
So let me come back, right?
So I have provided this. Next environmental
variable we are going to have is EKS kubectl-role-ARN.
Okay? So this one also.
I made a note for my environment, right?
ARN EKS CodeBuild kubectl-role.
So I'll provide the same thing.
And one more is EKS cluster name, right?
So, and it is going to be EKS demo one.
Okay? So now we have completed the environmental variables.
We need to provide the buildspec.yaml.
If we check in our buildspec.yaml
at the root context of our CodeCommit repository, right?
So if you remember,
in our CodeCommit repository EKS DevOps NGINX.
So build spec dot AML is at the quote or root context, okay?
So we really don't need to worry,
we can say use a build spec file.
That's all. Default option will be fine for us.
And buildspec.yaml, we really didn't
give any different names here.
It is plain buildspec.yaml.
So we can leave as is. And now for CloudWatch logs.
So we can even say the same name here, okay?
So that it will create equivalent
CloudWatch logs for us, okay?
If you want to, you can, you can even uncheck it.
Okay? Then S3 logs also if you want, you can enable.
So I really don't need anything.
So I just gave the same name.
So with high fund group and then high fund stream
it is going to create the CloudWatch logs.
Okay? So now we'll click on continue to code pipeline.
Right? And it'll take us back to our project here.
Okay? So it'll take us back to our project here.
See? Successfully created EKS DevOps
CB4 pipe in CodeBuild.
Okay? So now I'll click on next.
Okay? And for us, we really don't have any deployment phase,
but let's see what is available here.
Okay? So you have AppConfig, Cloud Formation, CodeDeploy,
Elastic Bean, Stack Ops, Works Stacks, Service Catalogs
Skill Kit, ECS, ECS BlueGreen, and then S3, right?
We don't have anything related to our respective EKS, okay?
So we don't have anything out
of the box available for us here, okay?
So that's the reason we can leave it
as is and then we'll click on next. Skip deploy stage. Okay?
We have skipped the deploy stage
and now these are our pipeline settings.
So we have the EKS DevOps pipe. This is the pipe.
And then these are the source information
and this is the build stage information and deploy stage.
Nothing is there, okay?
So I'll click on create pipeline, right?
And as soon as we create the pipeline for the first time,
it is going fail, okay?
So let it fail and then see what happened, okay?
And then in our next step we are going to make it a success.
So if you want to create a notification rule
for this pipeline so that whenever the pipeline is triggered
you need to get an email and all those things,
so you can click on these things
and then create those stuff. Okay?
So notification name includes any supplemental information.
Succeeded, failed, cancel. Anything, okay?
So for all these events, if you want,
you can enable the SNS topic for this.
Okay? So you can go to SNS
and then create a target and then add it here.
Okay? So, but really currently this is not the core focus.
So we'll cancel it and go back to over pipeline, right?
So now the source is succeeded. One added first set of files
and it is in the build stage.
Once you click on this details thing, right,
and click on new tab.
So it'll take you to the CodeBuild area in the section
where it is running.
So if you see here, here we can see all the stuff
what is happening.
Okay? So let's start with the install phase, right?
In install phase, whatever we have written is nothing to
do using latest imagine emails for CodeBuild.
So all the AWS tools are there, we really don't need to do.
That's what we said. Okay?
So and install phase is succeeded.
It moved to the next phase, pre-build phase,
and then it created a tag, right?
And then it updated the image tag in kube manifest
with these information and then it verified the
AWS CLI version, which is very, very important.
The CLI version, it outputted here. Right?
EWS// version is 1.18.78.
Still we are in the AWS 1. latest version
of 1. text only we have here.
Okay? And then we are moving on
to the login to Amazon ECR is completed
and then running the command ECR gate login, right?
So log into ECR.
So ECR gate login, it says that in an error code,
access denied when calling the gate
authorization token option.
So whenever it created, whenever it is trying to log
into our ECR Elastic Container Registry, it is failing.
So because of access denied, exception.
So in our next lecture, we'll focus on
fixing this issue and then moving
forward for the next steps.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.